So now let's talk about the AWS Security Hub.
So it's a central security tool
that is used to manage the security
across several AWS accounts and automate security checks.
So this has an integrated dashboard
that's going to show you the current security
and compliance status
that allows you to quickly take actions.
So it's going to aggregate alerts across different services
and different partner tools.
So you're going to get services such as Config,
GuardDuty, Inspector, Macie, IAM Access Analyzer,
AWS Systems Manager, AWS Firewall Manager,
AWS Health, and AWS Partner Solutions,
and maybe even more,
I may not change this lecture over time,
but to give you an idea,
it just aggregates all these partners tools
and all these services into one central dashboard,
one central hub.
And so for Security Hub to work, first of all,
you must enable the AWS Config service.
So if we look at a diagram, just to summarize,
Security Hub can cover multiple accounts at a time
and gather findings from Macie, GuardDuty, Inspector,
Firewall Manager, IAM Access Analyzer,
Systems Manager, Config, Health,
and is going to find all the potential issues and findings.
And thanks to automatic checks,
you're going to see in your dashboard,
your Security Hub findings.
But also anytime there's a security issue
this is going to generate an event in EventBridge.
And finally, to investigate the source of these issues
you can use Amazon Detective
which is going to allow you to very quickly know
where the security issues are coming from.
And so in AWS we can see the Security Hub.
So as we can see, there's a pricing per check.
So the first 1000 checks cost you this much
and then on so on.
So the more checks you look
the more pricing you're going to have.
Then there is ingestion events.
So the first 10,000 events are free
but then you have to pay per finding, okay?
Now you get 30 day trial for Security Hub.
So I'm not going to enable it
but I just wanna show you the options.
And it really shows you here
that we have these automated security checks
and the fact that it looks at different services
such as GuardDuty, Inspector, Macie and others
to find these security issues
and then allow you to take actions, okay?
So if we go to Security Hub and enable the trial
we'll see that first we need to enable Config
to make sure that Security Hub can work.
And then we need to choose the security standards
we want to adhere to so we can have three different options.
And finally, the integrations
based on the services that we have enabled.
And then you click on Enable Security Hub
and you'll be good to go.
But I'm not going to show you anything.
I'm not gonna have security issues in my accounts
because I don't really use it,
but at least I showed you the option
and you can see the kind of service that it is.
Okay, I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.